Add best python crash course, Please merge this (#7957)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Python Built in Functions A to Z Tutorial and Examples](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLrJGwAG1U62RW_hGGnk7xXG0LciHkT54X) - Brainy Things
* [Python Course](https://www.python-course.eu)
* [Python Course from scratch](https://scrimba.com/playlist/pNpZMAB) - Olaf Paulson (scrimba)

> * [Python Crash course - Python Full Course for all beginners](https://youtu.be/f79MRyMsjrQ) - Programming with mosh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Python Crash course - Python Full Course for all beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f79MRyMsjrQ) - Programming with mosh
```

no short link

Author: Oh okay can you please merge it now?
